Add Actions SDK Reference Pages (#1857)
ethereum-optimism/docs: app-developers/reference/actions/integrating-wallets.mdx

---
title: Integrating wallets
description: Reference guide for integrating wallet providers with Actions SDK.
---

## Which wallets are right for my use case?

> In order to let your users access DeFi, they will need an <Tooltip tip="Ethereum Virtual Machine" cta="Learn more" href="https://ethereum.org/wallets/">EVM</Tooltip>-compatible wallet. There are plenty of considerations when selecting a wallet schema that works for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to let your users access DeFi, they will need an <Tooltip tip="Ethereum Virtual Machine" cta="Learn more" href="https://ethereum.org/developers/docs/evm/">EVM</Tooltip>-compatible wallet. There are plenty of considerations when selecting a wallet schema that works for you:
```
